it sounds magnificent
it's a Fender Custom Shop dealer select
why would 1061 Telecaster have a relic
seafoam green over black I'll tell you
what it is scrump-dilly-icious
are 7/8 to 1/8 is the serial number 7
0.04 pounds
you just heard the neck pickup resonates
grade these compression and these
messing around with the pickups they're
new and they're special and they're only
available here at the woods of the wild
dig it you just heard neck pickup let's
hear both pickups together and see what
we got going on
yes savage tones barbaric and demonic I
don't want to say demonic that sounds
sinister what let's go to mr. Brij
yes mm-hmm Thunder cosmic job dealer
select Bob wood and 61 Telecaster Kelly
Questor seafoam green they get today
here why would rigger ekari out